# Predict-Employee-Attrition-
Employee Attrition is the gradual reduction in staff numbers that occurs as employees retire or resign and are not replaced. Employee attrition can be costly for businesses. The company loses employee productivity, and employee knowledge.  “Turnover / Churn” and “Attrition” are human resource terms that are often times confused. Employee turnover and attrition both occur when an employee leaves the company. Turnover , however, is from several different actions such as discharge, termination, resignation or abandonment. Attrition occurs when an employee retires or when the employer eliminates the position. The big difference between the two is that when turnover occurs, the company seeks someone to replace the employee. But in the case of attrition, the employer leaves that vacancy unfilled or eliminates that job role . -LinkedIn  The average cost of employee turnover is: 20% of the employees annual salary for mid-range positions (earning $30,000 to $50,000 a year). For example, the cost to replace a $30,000 paid employee would be $6,000.  A study by the Center for American Progress found that turnover costs are often estimated to be 100% to 300% of the base salary of replaced employee, depending on wage and role of an employee.  Most business main objectives to employee churn is to try to answer the following questions:      How to reduce employee churn ?     Why are good employees leaving the company ?     Can we predict the employees most likely to leave ?  So, all of this is just to show how valuable an employee is regardless if that employees position will be filled or not. In this article I will show you how to predict if an employee is likely to leave the company.
